readme.md, before:

# EndlessProject
&nbsp;

# Table of contents
1. [What is this repository about](#introduction)
2. [Tools and external libraries used for the project](#tools)
3. [How to view the project](#installation)
4. [Contact](#Contact)
5. [License](#License)
6. [Acknowledgments](#Acknowledgments)
&nbsp;
---
<a name="introduction"></a>
### What is this repository about

#### Endless Project is a project in which I have recreated an existing website with as accurately similar styling as possible. The main idea of the project was to copy the looks of the website without looking into the source code. After that I wanted to compare my own version with the original created by the authors for educational purposes. The links to the original websites:
1. [Gallery Grid](http://react.pixelstrap.com/endless/gallery/imageGallery#javascript)
2. [User Profile](http://react.pixelstrap.com/endless/users/userProfile#javascript)
3. [Basic Tables](http://react.pixelstrap.com/endless/table/basic#javascript)
&nbsp;
---
<a name="tools"></a>
### Tools and external libraries used for the project
 1. HTML 5
 2. CSS 3
 3. [Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)
 4. [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
&nbsp;
---
<a name="installation"></a>
### How to view the project

#### In order to see the project simply clone the repository and run the index.html file in your browser.
&nbsp;
---

### Contact

#### You can contact me via my personal Email: dawidk65@gmail.com
&nbsp;
---

### License

#### This project is licensed under the MIT License
&nbsp;
---

### Acknowledgments

#### Endless Project is my first repository in which I have recreated an existing website for training purposes. I wanted to put my acquired front-end skills into practice and design a website.
&nbsp;

Commit message:

Added the images of the project to the images folder and the readme.md file

readme.md, after:

# EndlessProject
&nbsp;

# Table of contents
1. [What is this repository about](#introduction)
2. [Tools and external libraries used for the project](#tools)
3. [Images of the project](#images)
4. [How to view the project](#installation)
5. [Contact](#Contact)
6. [License](#License)
7. [Acknowledgments](#Acknowledgments)
&nbsp;
---
<a name="introduction"></a>
### What is this repository about

#### Endless Project is a project in which I have recreated an existing website with as accurately similar styling as possible. The main idea of the project was to copy the looks of the website without looking into the source code. After that I wanted to compare my own version with the original created by the authors for educational purposes. The links to the original websites:
1. [Gallery Grid](http://react.pixelstrap.com/endless/gallery/imageGallery#javascript)
2. [User Profile](http://react.pixelstrap.com/endless/users/userProfile#javascript)
3. [Basic Tables](http://react.pixelstrap.com/endless/table/basic#javascript)
&nbsp;
---
<a name="tools"></a>
### Tools and external libraries used for the project
 1. HTML 5
 2. CSS 3
 3. [Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)
 4. [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
&nbsp;
---
### Images of the Project
![](images/1.png)
![](images/2.png)
![](images/3.png)
&nbsp;

<a name="installation"></a>
### How to view the project

#### In order to see the project simply clone the repository and run the index.html file in your browser.
&nbsp;
---

### Contact

#### You can contact me via my personal Email: dawidk65@gmail.com
&nbsp;
---

### License

#### This project is licensed under the MIT License
&nbsp;
---

### Acknowledgments

#### Endless Project is my first repository in which I have recreated an existing website for training purposes. I wanted to put my acquired front-end skills into practice and design a website.
&nbsp;
